docs: Add server variable `mroonga_n_workers` (#879)
mroonga/mroonga: doc/source/reference/server_variables.rst

  +------------------------+------------------+
  1 row in set (0.00 sec)

.. _server-variable-mroonga-n-workers:

``mroonga_n_workers``
---------------------

.. versionadded:: 15.00

Specify the number of Groonga's internal processing in parallel.

In Mroonga, when parallel processing is enabled, ``CREATE INDEX`` is processed in parallel, which is expected to speed up the process.

Here is the list of values which you can use.
The default value is ``0``.

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

>    * - Number of parallels
>      - Description
>    * - When specifying ``0`` or ``1``
>      - Execute in serial.
>    * - When specifying ``2`` or more
>      - Execute in parallel with at most the specified number of threads.
>    * - When specifying ``-1``
>      - Execute in parallel with the threads of at most the number of CPU cores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * - Value
     - Description
   * - ``0`` or ``1``
     - Execute in serial.
   * - ``2`` or more
     - Execute in parallel with at most the specified number of threads.
   * - ``-1``
     - Execute in parallel with the threads of at most the number of CPU cores.
```

Here is an example SQL to change the number of parallels to ``2``::

  mysql> SHOW VARIABLES LIKE 'mroonga_n_workers';
  +-------------------+-------+
  | Variable_name     | Value |
  +-------------------+-------+
  | mroonga_n_workers | 0     |
  +-------------------+-------+
  1 row in set (0.001 sec)

  mysql> SET GLOBAL mroonga_n_workers = 2;
  Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.000 sec)

  mysql> SHOW VARIABLES LIKE 'mroonga_n_workers';
  +-------------------+-------+
  | Variable_name     | Value |
  +-------------------+-------+
  | mroonga_n_workers | 2     |
  +-------------------+-------+
  1 row in set (0.001 sec)

> Only available in ``GLOBAL``.

Reviewer: `SET GLOBAL`で設定した場合は次のセッションからしか有効になりません。永続的に設定する場合は`my.cnf`で設定する方法をオススメします。

みたいな話もいれておいて。
